Agile framework. The most popular Agile frameworks include Scrum, Crystal, Dynamic Systems Development Method, 
and Feature-Driven Development. Mendix

  Extreme Programming is an Agile framework centered around engineering principles and is focused on ensuring 
  delivery of high-quality software. Extreme Programming teams work collaboratively in short development cycles 
  and are flexible and adaptable to change. Extreme Programming utilizes user stories and frequent small, planned releases.

  Scrum is a lightweight Agile framework with broad applicability for managing and controlling iterative and incremental 
  projects of all types. In addition, there are other frameworks for Agile development. Two other well-received frameworks 
  are Kanban and Extreme Programming.

  Kanban focuses on a visualized workflow where work is broken down into small pieces. By respecting well-defined project limits, 
  following explicit process policies, and measuring and managing flow, Kanban is especially attuned for identifying bottlenecks and waste, 
  as well as reducing wait time

PRINCE2: This framework is highly structured with a heavy emphasis on upfront planning.

CCPM (critical chain project management): Critical chain focuses primarily on resource allocation across the project.


Lean: A lean framework focuses on minimizing wasted effort and resources. Process improvement techniques are often 
incorporated into this framework.

XPM (extreme project management): XPM was designed for complex projects that occur in fast-changing environments. 
Emphasis is on stakeholder management as plans and schedules are rapidly changing.

Scrum: This framework was also designed for industries undergoing rapid change. Using this framework, projects are often 
broken down and planned in 2-4 week sprints.

Waterfall: This framework is one of the traditional approaches to project management. Waterfall requires a project to be 
planned beginning to end, with no phase of a project beginning until the previous one has ended